feat: update SubstraFL example (#259)
owkin/FLamby: integration/Substra/README.md

## Run the example

> To run the example, launch `jupyter notebook`, copy past and run the cells of the `flamby-integration-into-substra.md` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the example, launch `jupyter notebook` and copy paste and run the cells of the `flamby-integration-into-substra.md` file (you can also do it in classical Python console with your favorite IDE)..
```
